there's the part 2 we can walk that way
I know go already Bob you're snooping
around skies ridiculous damn i need to
be more careful okay i'm gonna let my
game then yeah way i could be right
there they're so should have time
gets unlocked okay all right I'll just
see you push live off special okay these
shelves look light enough to push it
won't budge what oh god you are knowing
them on it okay all right I'm gonna stop
sneaking I'm just gonna trying to spread
this hopefully I should go to make it
for us will turn to the corner it's
unlocked yeah yeah I got it I got walk
the store you cop out
Co fate assorted paperwork but nothing
of any real interest I like I was
immediately able to start certain what's
important what isn't whoa hi lady med
kid hey sue excuse me apparently the
Damas has learned how to hold onto that
gets not instantly rub them across his
face it tails empty looks like the door
was forced open and there's scratch
marks on the wood monster
a typewriter invoices and receipts
nothing of interest there's a bottle of
bootleg rum and a wooden handle stock
reminders and general notices nothing of
interest the store appears to have been
doing quite well under brian the drawer
is empty let's wander
the glass has been broken in their
scratch marks on the wood strange why
would Brian force entry when he had set
of keys I don't like this
I don't like this at all uh fuck me why
would someone break in through the front
hey officer Dan yards no but I'm here
girl it's like one of you got there
Brian to take evidence from the scene
hand them all back you're shitting me
I've got it getting here get the shit
and then get out get damn it okay that's
how you want a role game that's how old
role so I can make it here it's unlocked
it's a block the door again
game must want me to do this because it
lets me means there's got to be another
way out of here go get used to me yeah
yeah yeahs bed can i get it fine I'll go
get the med kit okay there's another
door right there I'll try that one next
time looks like the door was forced
don't let me quickly your size a bottle
of bootleg rum and a wooden handle not
take too long this time fuck listen it
won't budge
okay come on it won't open the store may
be low on stock a hassle it looks like i
need some sort of lifting handy to get
it okay okay shut up it's GTFO man
haha the joke is on you this time I
fooled him with my death noob you gotta
love the helpfulness of the police
officers I know I'm breaking the law but
goddamn i mean protected serve my ass
nope nothing of interest ah see what I
can okay yeah yeah visual excuse for a
town I'll show all that will go to New
York it looks like a diary it's got to
have some clues alright so that's where
I fell oh that's all right it's like a
move that uh no 8th melon artist ething
useful around here
uh at all perhaps assorted foodstuffs
nothing useful sure mother's a sort of
foodstuffs the storage areas clutter
free and well organized yeah except for
the whole broken shit that I caused
sorry my bad oh I tried I can assorted
foodstuffs